Create NEW_MODULE_TECH_EVAL.MD (#3)
craigmcnally/scratchspace: NEW_MODULE_TECH_EVAL.MD

# New Module Technical Evaluation Processes

## Overview
This document outlines the processes for **technical** evaluation of module for inclusion in a FOLIO release.  The following activities are covered:
1. Submission
1. Evaluation
1. Review
1. Feedback
1. Approval/Rejection

### Supporting documentation
* Details of the JIRA workflow are captured in a separate document:  (insert link). 

> * Technical evaluation is part of a larger process involving the other FOLIO Councils (PC/CC).  A description of the full process can be found here:  (insert link). 

Reviewer: We use the full names for these councils below. Could we use them here as well (or define these abbreviations during their first use)?

## Submission
1. The Product Council fills out a form in JIRA (using a template) and submits it to the Technical Council.  
    * See JIRA workflow for details.
    * The Technical Council will only respond to submissions from the Product Council.
1. The Technical Council will update the JIRA within 1 week (See JIRA workflow for details) with the following information:

>     * Confirm receipt of the submission
>     * Who will be performing the evaluation
>     * Provide an rough estimate for the initial evaluation to be completed
>         * Should be 3 weeks or less.
>     * Request additional information
>         * If there are missing points of contact, the Product Council will be contacted
>         * Any questions about the module will be directed to the points of contact.

Reviewer: The framing statement of this list states that information will be shared with the submitter. I think that means some of the starts of the entries can be removed.

```suggestion
    * Receipt of the submission
    * Who will be performing the evaluation
    * Rough estimate for the initial evaluation to be completed
        * Should be 3 weeks or less.
    * Additional information needed
        * If there are missing points of contact, the Product Council will be contacted
        * Any questions about the module will be directed to the points of contact.
```

### Submission form
Information gathered includes:
* Module name
* Description of module
* Link to source - a tag/commit in a publicly accessible git (preferably GitHub) repository 
* List of related modules (e.g. is this a Frontend/backend pair?  Business logic/storage pair?  etc.)
* Points of contact (Subject Matter / Domain / Technical)
  * Each point of contact's role should be clearly identified.
  * A single, main point of contact must have an account in issues.folio.org JIRA.
* Free form section for notes, clarifications, background, links to supporting documentation, etc.
* Link to self evaluation results
* Informational Section - provides info, instead of eliciting it.
  * A link/pointer to the most recent version of the Acceptance Criteria.
  * A maximum duration (3 weeks) from the submission date for the initial review.  
    * This does not include activities that happen after feedback is given, etc. 

>   * The applicable deadline for submissions in the release timeline (not the date, but the name of the milestone/deadline e.g. "deadline for new modules")

Reviewer: Some bullet points end in a full stop, others don't.

Is there a reason for this distinction?

## Evaluation

> 1. The Technical Council reviews a JIRA board to see if there are any new submissions, and check in on ongoing evaluations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Technical Council will review a JIRA board each meeting to check if there are any new submissions and check in on ongoing evaluations
```

> 1. If there’s a new submission, the Technical Council finds one or more people to do the evaluation. The review team will be formed in a way to allow for a fair review and avoid conflicts for interests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If there’s a new submission, the Technical Council finds one or more people to do the evaluation. The review team will be formed in a way to allow for a fair review and avoid conflicts of interest.
```
